Issues:
19. tutorial
21. scrollbar on rightpane of zoomToState
37. simultaneous turns
44. right click menu
45. tooltips state imformation
46. county level data/shapefiles/basemap
49. results table rather than scroll pane
50. topline state results showing wrong winner
53. Montana not painted
55. Elections appear to be decided incorecctly - support after doesn't match results page
56. Oregon outer district not being painted
57. redo results panel, have display at the start of each payers turn
58. add start turn button to start of turn report
59. add random events (i.e. debate gaffes)
60. add district postions on issues that match reality



notes

12/25/19
fixed issue with autosave not using the 3 different file names, should be working now
fixed issue where montana was not accessible on unix based systems, because the file name was not capatilized
changed the effect of increased total advertising to  only cause the impact of advertising to decrease, not org or campaigning time
added issue multipler to the calculating district opinions
added tooltip showing player positions to delegate label on national map
added tooltip to rightbar district info on state map
issues should now be working

ideas from playthrough:
buff orgs
alter local fundrasing to not gove as much late
shorten calendar, maybe to 8 weeks

11/27/18
fundraising bug fixed - hours that were actively put to fundraising were being double counte

issues ideas:
    should be set at district, not state level
    number and names should be easy to adjust
    inital testing can be done with a random assignment to each district
    each district should have a importance and position (as should each candidate) for each issue
    issue importance will change 

along with issues, there could be more "charecter" custimization - i.e. you could be a better speaker, or a better fundraiser, or be more prone to gaffes or something. could be on a point system. 

11/24/18
Some notes from playing a complete game with dad:
the bot is really bad, though it did manage to win 12 delegates on the final week
Going to the 20 week calendar might be good, to allow for some more strategic movements. 
I think that the amount of money should be reduced. Currently you are able to go everywhere to an extent, I kind of want it to be more restricted. 

reduced the increase in effectivness of campaigning in the weeks before the election to 1.25/1.5


12/12/17
The AI now works, at least sort of. It can play a full game against itself, I don't think it's very good at this point though. 
Seems like it should now be playable, hard to tell how good it will be until I play a full game against it

Had some issues with createNationalMap, changed the main map window to a Toplevel from a Tk, which fixed the issue, but makes some extra windows, and the state windows aren't going away properly. I want to see how it runs on my computer before I play around with it any more. 


12/11/17
tried running the game on my work computer today, after adding some try-except for file paths, it seems to run fine. The pixel locations here are where they appear to be, rather than needing the 20 pixel correction that it needs on my computer. I'm not sure why this would be, but it might be the same issue that Dada was having on his machine. I'm going to leave the -20 for now, but something to think about getting a more universal fix

11/18/17
fixed the free money bug -- issue was the preallocated values were being added to the players total resources, but then not subtracted back out if the total post-allocated values were to large and an error was thrown. I now subtract them back if there isn't enough money or time to complete the campaning/advertising.

it now shows the national map again after the end of the game, but only after you close a blank panel that pops up, I'm not sure why. 



8/18/17
now any left over time at the end of the turn will be put into fundraising

what does the AI need to do?
    decide where to build org
    where to buy ads
    where to campaign
    how much time to spend fundraising

the overall goal is to maximize delegates


8/6/17
the first complete game was mostly a sucess, dada won

I'm guessing the results winner being wrong and the wrong person being painted on the national are from the same source. It looks like its coming from state.support, I should check the generation of that number
it might be the difference between state.support and state.pollingAverage, which should probably be what's used in the painting.
that didn't seem to help.


8/5/17
there appears to be a bug if you don't have enough money for add buys it refunds some of the money and keeps the previous level of add buys present, something that needs to be checked.


8/4/17
looking at the local fundraising function, I reset the exponent multiplier to 1/50 from 1/100, and it seems like the values are a bit more reasonable, at least for a 10 week game. possibly still kind of low though. 

added an autosave that saves a game at the start of every turn

it seems like momentum should affect fundraising, maybe particularly local fundraising? */added, also seems to increases the numbers by what I think is a reasonable amount, at least for the ten week game.

momentum needs to be reworked so that a single win on a small day is more influential than a sinle win on a big day. I had already done this, I made it a more pronounced effect. As long as the momentum numbers work in the other equations I think it's in pretty good shape now. The other thing that could be worth thinking about is a time based factor, so Iowa matters more than, say, connecticut, but I don't know if that actually makes sense to do.
currently a clean sweep of super tuesday gets you about 3 times the momentum of a win in Iowa, which is just slightly more than a win in New Hampshire

If I ever add the county level census data, it could be fun to scale fundraising from districts based on average district income









